c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_background.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_bullet.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_mushroom.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_player.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_snakebody.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_snakehead.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameFont.xnb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Centipede.exe
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Centipede.pdb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\GameManagement.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Centipede.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Centipede.exe
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Centipede\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Centipede.pdb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_background.xnb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_bullet.xnb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_mushroom.xnb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_player.xnb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_snakebody.xnb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spr_snakehead.xnb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GameFont.xnb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Centipede.exe
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Centipede.pdb
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\GameManagement.dll
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Centipede.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Centipede.exe
C:\Users\marti\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Centipede-master\Centipede\Centipede\obj\x86\Debug\Centipede.pdb
